You liar
What nonsense are you talking about?
Zhao Zhiguo was arrested for smuggling BP industry
From the stolen money we seized
Found Mr. Xu's missing banknote number
Tao Huimin, this is the charge given to you by Zhao Zhiguo.
Do you have anything else to say?
I said how someone has become so rich recently
Fortunately, I kept an eye out
Let the public security comrades pay attention to your stuff?
Haven't hit this scam so soon
It was you
You bitch
Is it you or the third
It's not me, it's Jiang Yilie
It was he who reported to the public security.
Tao Huimin
At this point, you still don't regret it
Brother Ang Lee, I'm sorry
I was wrong, I didn't mean to take your money.
I just want to make good money
Do business well
Prove to you that I am no worse than Jiang Lili
There is no transfer in the store now.
No principal
I don't have a penny on me.
I'm sorry, just punish me.
Tell me it's useless
The public security will punish you.
You want to hand me over to the police
Brother Lin, I have a girl's family
If you send me to a place like that
How can I lift my head?
Aren't you ruining me?
Now I know I can't hold my head up
I didn't want to make money when I stole it
You shut up
You are still arrogant
I didn't beat you enough, did I?
This is this morning.
Peach blossom rice sent by Section Chief Wang
There are also tents you used in this store
Do you want to compare this whistleblower letter?
Whose self is it?